# GROUP 3 Minutes
### Meeting Five (Supervised)

**Date:** 07/03/17
**Time:** 14:00
**Location:** University of Surrey LTA

==========

***Members present:***
- Ryva Collaki
- Akhil Ashok
- Matus Novak
- Amosh Gurung

(Norman Poh also present in the meeting)

***Members absent:***
- Victor Artemenco
- Lukasz

==========

### Last week's metting summary
- Amosh is chairing the meeting and provided everything on the agenda
- Lukaz is still working on the logic behind the game 
- Whatever you push to the repository will get checked for syntax error then uploaded to the database server. 
- Ryva asked about the documentations for clarification before submitting – Put everything we have into the SRS to get maximum feedback. 
- Unofficial feedback due to not meeting up with Norman. 
- Lega ethical requirement – content that can be used for s1, S2 is used for compliance. 
- Make sure to go over all requirements in the updated guide. 
- GUI/theme for app has been covered in unsupervised 
- Lukasz is still working on logic behind game
- All team members have been assigned to specific roles on google spreadsheet
 
 
### Requirements:
-Local storage for database (profile) 

-Requirements to be more specific to our game

-Some technical requirements may still be changed

-High score algorithm needs to be ocmpleted

-Ensure encryption is used for safety

-Justify design choices


### Design document:
-Violet, Visio etc. for diagrams (any tools allowed)
-Check older audits and use to help ourselves 
