# GROUP 3 MINUTES
### Meeting Three 

**Date:** 23/3/17
**Time:** 11:00
**Location:** University of Surrey Library

==========

***Members present:***
- Ryva Collaki
- Akhil Ashok
- Amosh Gurung
- Victor Artemenco
- Lukasz Drozda

***Members absent:***
- Matus Novak (notified us before the meeting)
==========

1. *(5)* Everyone should have begun/begin coding for the project **(Ongoing)** `EVERYONE`

========

### Additional Things

- Spent today working on our own things
- Helped one another if we needed any

========

### Documentation Clarity

========

### App Ideas/Details

#### Next Meeting: *Tuesday 21st March 14:00 in University of Surrey LTA*



















