# GROUP 3 MINUTES
### Meeting Three 

**Date:** 9/3/17
**Time:** 11:00
**Location:** University of Surrey Library

==========

***Members present:***
- Ryva Collaki
- Akhil Ashok
- Matus Novak
- Amosh Gurung
- Victor Artemenco

***Members absent:***
- Lukasz Drozda (Informed us before the meeting)

==========

1. *(5)* Everyone should have begun/begin coding for the project **(Ongoing)** `EVERYONE`

========

### Additional Things

- Spent today fixing any configuration issues on our laptops
- Amosh is chairing the meeting and provided everything on the agenda
- Lukaz is still working on the logic behind the game 
- Whatever you push to the repository will get checked for syntax error then uploaded to the database server. 
- Ryva asked about the documentations for clarification before submitting – Put everything we have into the SRS to get maximum feedback. 
- Unofficial feedback due to not meeting up with Norman. 
- Lega ethical requirement – content that can be used for s1, S2 is used for compliance. 
- Make sure to go over all requirements in the updated guide. 
- GUI/theme for app has been covered in unsupervised 

========

### Documentation Clarity

========

### App Ideas/Details

#### Next Meeting: *Tuesday 14th March 14:00 in University of Surrey LTA*



















