# GROUP 3 MINUTES
### Meeting Nine (Week Ten) - Unsupervised 

**Date:** 11/5/17
**Time:** 10:00
**Location:** University of Surrey LTA

==========

***Members present:***
- Ryva Collaki
- Akhil Ashok
- Victor Artemenco
- Lukasz Drozda


***Members absent:***

==========

## Things Discussed

 - Final things that need to be completed before the submission date 
 - Saw a prototype of the application and saw what else needed to be done
 
========

### Additional Things

 - An issue with pushing and pulling to Git was fixed by Matus
 - Carried on with our own work and seeked help with pushing to Git to ensure we would not break it 

========

### App Ideas/Details

 - The pictures on the cards will be generated using a randomiser
 - Background on the game will be simplified to allow for easier implementation
 - Trying to reduce the amount of things in the application in order to save processing power on the tablets that it will be run on

#### Next Meeting: *Monday 15th May 10:00am in University of Surrey Library*
